---
layout: postLHAHS
title:  "Chapter 601"
date:   2025-08-31 00:30:00 +0800
categories: [LHAHS]
tag: [lhahs]
comments: true
---

"Stealing ability?"

"Yes. It's the Hero Slayer's innate, unique power—and the reason he was able to kill so many heroes."

A power that steals the abilities of others.

It truly is an astonishing power.

*‘There wasn’t even a mana trait like this during the Age of Calamity.’*

"You’re saying he could steal abilities regardless of class?"

"Correct."

"Then, is he like me—an All-Class?"

"Not quite."

Anya shook her head.

"According to records, he never used the stolen abilities simultaneously."

"So, he swaps abilities based on the situation? Makes sense—there should be at least some penalty."

Leo rested his chin on his hand and sank into thought.

If so, there’s a definite limit to the power.

*‘Still, it doesn’t change the fact that it’s a powerful ability.’*

There are inherent compatibilities and weaknesses between classes.

Even just being able to ignore that would be a massive advantage.

And it’s a power that can be applied in a wide range of unorthodox ways.

"Why didn’t such an extraordinary power make it into history?"

"The Hero Slayer was once someone who held the status of a hero. But after he disappeared from the continent, the Xian Empire and the Shadow Lords burned all records of his hero title."

"And all related records were wiped out in the process?"

"Yes."

"The Emperor of Xian 500 years ago was very thorough."

"The Hero Slayer's power is certainly dangerous, but if used by the right person for good, it could be a significant asset. Are you saying it was the right choice to prevent that power from being inherited?"

"Sure, if the power found the right owner, it could’ve been used that way. But—"

Leo’s eyes narrowed.

"At first glance, it looks like a power that could endlessly grow stronger, but its limits are clear. And the reason it’s powerful in the first place is that it steals others' powers."

In the end, someone who possesses that ability can’t help but crave others’ powers to become stronger.

"Whether he fell into corruption or was like that from the beginning, if he once held the title of a hero, it means he must’ve played the part of a hero convincingly at first."

No matter how twisted the gods’ tastes might be, they wouldn’t grant the title of hero to someone fundamentally evil.

There are heroes who became villains, but no hero is evil from the start.

"He must’ve had quite a reputation as a strong hero. Right?"

"Yes. Even in the Shadows’ records, they wrote that they couldn't understand the sudden change in a once-renowned hero."

"That’s what desire for power does."

Leo lifted his teacup.

"That power allows for quick and easy strength. How many people would willingly choose the harder path when the easy one is right there?"

"……"

"At first, it was probably powers of comrades dying on the battlefield. Then those who retired from old age. And at some point, he must’ve thought—"

*‘If only I could have that guy’s power.’*

Leo’s crimson eyes gleamed coldly.

"Wouldn’t that be the path he took?"

Clink—

After taking a sip, Leo set the teacup down.

"We can’t sacrifice others just for the sake of one person who has that power. No one in this world can accomplish greatness alone—not even a Great Hero or a Hero of Dawn."

A power that requires others’ sacrifice to rapidly gain strength is ultimately a power that leads its user to become intoxicated by it.

"It’s a power easy to be corrupted by. But it’s not even strong enough to turn the tide in the war against Tartaros. In the end, even if passed down, it would only produce another Hero Slayer. Better that it disappears."

Anya trembled.

Clasping her hands, she looked utterly enraptured.

"Ahh, as expected of Lord Leo. To reach such a conclusion from so few clues. Yes. The former Shadows believed the risks outweighed the benefits and erased this power from history! Ahh, how magnificent."

*‘Well, this is just the sort of thought a Shadow—no, I—would have.’*

None of the other Great Heroes would have agreed with Leo.

*‘They probably saw potential in that power.’*

"So? Did you find anything about the Hero Slayer’s whereabouts?"

"I’ve tracked him down to somewhere within the Lordren Empire."

"The Lordren Empire?"

Leo furrowed his brow.

"Shall I help out, then?"

"No! I could never allow you to waste your precious vacation on something like this! Please leave this matter to me!"

"You seem more motivated than before."

"Thanks to you, Lord Leo, not only I but all Shadows have changed."

"Because of me? How?"

"Until recently, I... no, most Shadows didn’t take pride in their work."

If heroes were those who protected the world from external threats...

Then Shadows were those who hunted down threats from within.

Sometimes, internal threats are more dangerous than external ones.

If you don’t cut out the rot, it will only spread.

To do that, the Shadows had to move in secret.

Because traitors would always try to hide their tracks.

The job of a Shadow was to uncover those secrets and hunt them down.

But, of course, that role wasn’t viewed favorably by others.

Someone had to do it.

But no one appreciated them—some feared or even despised them.

Even Bihar kept Kyle’s record as a Shadow hidden for fear of his teacher’s judgment.

"Unless it was out of necessity, revenge, or a burden from birth, no one chooses to become a Shadow. What sustained us was a single belief."

That the work was necessary for the world.

"But that belief was no more than a small candle flickering in the dark. And then—"

Anya opened her eyes.

"You proved that we are equal to heroes."

The discovery of the Shadow’s Record.

To Shadows, that was light itself.

Not a tiny candle of belief, but a brilliant, overwhelming light.

Illuminating their dark world with radiance.

"It was salvation. And not just that."

The Shadow’s duty isn’t only to eliminate traitors.

They are the ones who protect heroes from the shadows.

That’s why they have the eyes to judge what makes a true hero.

And in Anya’s eyes—

No, not just hers.

To the eyes of all Shadows, Leo was the ideal hero.

"You shine with brilliant light."

Every Shadow would want to follow Leo.

Only when there’s a hero to guard can a Shadow fulfill their role.

And the brighter the light, the darker the shadow becomes.

"But at the same time, you carry a deep darkness that even Shadows cannot fathom."

A hero more noble than anyone.

And a Shadow more virtuous than anyone.

"You said you wanted to create a world where people like us could be called heroes."

That became not just salvation—but the goal the Shadows strive toward.

"I didn’t mean it in such a grand way."

"But I want to see that kind of world now."

Anya smiled gently.

"And so, I swore my life to you. Even if it’s insignificant, if I live for you, it’ll have meaning."

At those words, Leo stood up.

"Don’t stake your life or existence on me."

Leo replied dryly.

"Live doing what you want."

"Ahh. Truly, the God of Shadows is full of compassion."

Anya clasped her hands again and twisted her body bashfully.

"If you find the Hero Slayer, let me know. I’m interested in his power, too."

"Understood."

At any rate, Leo had never seen anyone besides himself who could use multiple class abilities.

Even if it was imperfect, unlike himself, he was intrigued.

*‘It might even have something to do with the Power of Purity.’*

{bl}

Bang!

“Lezentan region?! How could Regas hide that from me?! I tremble with betrayal!”

Edgerson wore a face twisted with fury.

Edgerson Zerdinger.

While Regas held the highest official status as the Chief Elder, the real power behind the Elder Council was Edgerson.

A cousin to Regas, he was also of the closest collateral line to the main Zerdinger family.

"If Lezentan region had been absorbed into Zerdinger territory, we could’ve proven long ago that we’re superior to those detestable magicians!"

Sparks flew from Edgerson’s eyes.

"How can the former head of the family—the Chief Elder—not act in Zerdinger’s interest?! Does that make any sense to you, Reed?!"

At his outburst, his son Reed shook his head.

"It makes no sense. A family head should devote their life to strengthening the family, but the Chief Elder shows no interest in that. Neither does the current head, Selde."

Edgerson exhaled through his nose at Reed’s words.

"Exactly. Zerdinger could become even more powerful. But not with the current system."

Edgerson spoke in a low voice.

"A long time ago, my grandfather, Artus Zerdinger, made the wrong choice. My father, Exian Zerdinger, should’ve become the head!"

That’s when it happened.

Wumm—!

The crystal ball on Edgerson’s desk vibrated.

Edgerson summoned his aura.

Looking into the crystal glowing red, he spoke.

"What of Rhys Zerdinger?"

*["He’s still alive.']*

Edgerson’s eyes twitched at the response.

"You promised to eliminate Rhys if I gave you the opportunity."

*["Yes, I did. But I saw an intriguing mage. I found her mana fascinating."]*

Edgerson ground his teeth.

"So you revealed yourself?! I told you countless times not to botch the job!"

*["Relax. I withdrew before I was exposed. That magician won’t be waking up from her coma anytime soon. Not that I got much out of it."]*

Edgerson could feel the murderous intent rise at the muttering: *‘It was just mana acquired through effort. What a waste of time.’*

*‘This bastard!’*

"Rhys will be out of commission for a while."

Reed mumbled, and Edgerson took a deep breath.

"Leo Plov and Celia Zerdinger will be heading to Lezentan soon."

*["Leo Plov?']*

Suddenly, the presence on the other side shifted.

Even through the crystal ball, a chilling aura surged, making Edgerson and Reed flinch.

With the sound of a tongue clicking, the Hero Slayer said

*["Looks like I’ll get to taste the main course first."]*

"Don’t fail this time."

*["Do you know who I am?"]*

A creepy laugh echoed, and the transmission ended.

{bl}

Beneath the night sky, a man clenched and unclenched his fists.

"Leo Plov."

His face twisted with ecstasy.

"It’s been a long time since my hunter’s blood boiled like this."

Swish—

The Hero Slayer rose to his feet and curled his lips into a grin.

"Shall we begin the hunt?"
